Data Exploration Project. 

This dataset (pfc-5) is from EEG signals, during a visuo-spatial working memory task. The neural computation we are interested in is working memory. So far, what is well known about working memory is the key role of the prefrontal cortex, but what is not so well understood is whether the PFC is the only dominant system involved in working memory. There may be parallel systems that form the basis of working memory. Recent work has suggested that posterior cortical regions play a role as well. 
Our plan is to compare the data from patients with PFC lesions to the data from control subjects. Our first prediction is that there will be a difference between the two groups. If the PFC patients still demonstrate proficiency in the spatial task, then that can support the idea that there are other systems that are involved in working memory besides or in addition to the PFC. 

We averaged the electrode data at each time point across all trials, and averaged across the groups as well. There may be a limitation due to the fact that some of these electrode readings may be considered noise since this experiment was specific to the PFC and OFC, and the data has been preprocessed. That noise might be okay to still have after doing averaging. These steps will allow us to determine if there is a difference between the groups, and eventually support our overall hypothesis that more systems than the PFC are involved in working memory. We generated graphs to compare PFC and control subjects, along with comparing between genders of each group. 
